[CX-568] Add docs for balance, contracts and credit-transactions public api (#291)
cobalthq/cobalt-api-docs: versions/v2/content/balance.md

---
weight: 15
title: Balance
---

# Balance

## Get Balance

```sh
curl -X GET "https://api.us.cobalt.io/balance" \
  -H "Accept: application/vnd.cobalt.v2+json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR-PERSONAL-API-TOKEN" \
  -H "X-Org-Token: YOUR-V2-ORGANIZATION-TOKEN"
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "resource": {
      "credits": 12345
    }
  }
}
```

> This endpoint retrieves balance that belong to the organization specified in the `X-Org-Token` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint retrieves the credit balance that belongs to the organization specified in the `X-Org-Token` header.
```
